so all the children of Israel came
so all the children of Israel came [Music]
[Music]
[Music] Seba as well as from the land of Gilead
Seba as well as from the land of Gilead
Seba as well as from the land of Gilead and the congregation gathered together
and the congregation gathered together
and the congregation gathered together as one man before the Lord at Misbah and
as one man before the Lord at Misbah and
as one man before the Lord at Misbah and the leaders of all the people all the
the leaders of all the people all the
the leaders of all the people all the tribes of Israel presented themselves in
tribes of Israel presented themselves in
tribes of Israel presented themselves in the Assembly of the people of God four
the Assembly of the people of God four
the Assembly of the people of God four hundred thousand foot soldiers who drew
hundred thousand foot soldiers who drew
hundred thousand foot soldiers who drew the sword now the children of Benjamin
the sword now the children of Benjamin
the sword now the children of Benjamin heard that the children of Israel had
heard that the children of Israel had
heard that the children of Israel had gone up to Misbah and the children of
gone up to Misbah and the children of
gone up to Misbah and the children of Israel said tell us how did this wicked
Israel said tell us how did this wicked
Israel said tell us how did this wicked deed happen so the Levite the husband of
deed happen so the Levite the husband of
deed happen so the Levite the husband of the woman who was murdered answered
my concubine and I went into Gibeah
my concubine and I went into Gibeah which belongs to Benjamin to spend the
which belongs to Benjamin to spend the
which belongs to Benjamin to spend the night and the men in Gibeah rose against
night and the men in Gibeah rose against
night and the men in Gibeah rose against me and surrounded the house at night
me and surrounded the house at night
me and surrounded the house at night because of me they intended to kill me
because of me they intended to kill me
because of me they intended to kill me but instead they ravished my concubine
but instead they ravished my concubine
but instead they ravished my concubine so that she died I took hold of my
so that she died I took hold of my
so that she died I took hold of my concubine cut her in pieces and sent her
concubine cut her in pieces and sent her
concubine cut her in pieces and sent her throughout all the territory of the
throughout all the territory of the
throughout all the territory of the inheritance of Israel because they
inheritance of Israel because they
inheritance of Israel because they committed lewdness and outrage in Israel
committed lewdness and outrage in Israel
committed lewdness and outrage in Israel look all of you are children of Israel
look all of you are children of Israel
look all of you are children of Israel give your advice and counsel here and
give your advice and counsel here and
give your advice and counsel here and now so all the people arose as one man
now so all the people arose as one man
now so all the people arose as one man none of us will go to his tent nor will
none of us will go to his tent nor will
none of us will go to his tent nor will any turn back to his house but now this
any turn back to his house but now this
any turn back to his house but now this is the thing which we will do to give
is the thing which we will do to give
is the thing which we will do to give you up we will go up against it by lot
you up we will go up against it by lot
you up we will go up against it by lot we will take 10 men out of every hundred
we will take 10 men out of every hundred
we will take 10 men out of every hundred throughout all the tribes of Israel a
throughout all the tribes of Israel a
throughout all the tribes of Israel a hundred out of every thousand and a
hundred out of every thousand and a
hundred out of every thousand and a thousand out of every ten thousand to
thousand out of every ten thousand to
thousand out of every ten thousand to make provisions for the people that when
make provisions for the people that when
make provisions for the people that when they come to Gibeah in benjamin they may
they come to Gibeah in benjamin they may
they come to Gibeah in benjamin they may repay all the vileness that they have
repay all the vileness that they have
repay all the vileness that they have done in israel so all the men of israel
done in israel so all the men of israel
done in israel so all the men of israel were gathered against the city united
were gathered against the city united
were gathered against the city united together as one man and the tribes of
together as one man and the tribes of
together as one man and the tribes of israel sent men through all the tribe of
israel sent men through all the tribe of
israel sent men through all the tribe of benjamin saying what is this wickedness
benjamin saying what is this wickedness
benjamin saying what is this wickedness that has occurred among you
that has occurred among you
that has occurred among you now therefore deliver up the men the
now therefore deliver up the men the
now therefore deliver up the men the perverted men who were in Gibeah that we
perverted men who were in Gibeah that we
perverted men who were in Gibeah that we may put them to death and remove the
may put them to death and remove the
may put them to death and remove the evil from Israel
evil from Israel
evil from Israel but the children of Benjamin would not
but the children of Benjamin would not
but the children of Benjamin would not listen to the voice of their brethren
listen to the voice of their brethren
listen to the voice of their brethren the children of Israel instead the
the children of Israel instead the
the children of Israel instead the children of Benjamin gathered together
children of Benjamin gathered together
children of Benjamin gathered together from their cities to Gibeah to go to
from their cities to Gibeah to go to
from their cities to Gibeah to go to battle against the children of Israel
battle against the children of Israel
battle against the children of Israel and from their cities at that time the
and from their cities at that time the
and from their cities at that time the children of Benjamin numbered 26
children of Benjamin numbered 26
children of Benjamin numbered 26 thousand men who drew the sword
thousand men who drew the sword
thousand men who drew the sword besides the inhabitants of Gibeah who
besides the inhabitants of Gibeah who
besides the inhabitants of Gibeah who numbered seven hundred select men among
numbered seven hundred select men among
numbered seven hundred select men among all this people were seven hundred
all this people were seven hundred
all this people were seven hundred select men who were left-handed everyone
select men who were left-handed everyone
select men who were left-handed everyone could sling a stone at a hair's breadth
could sling a stone at a hair's breadth
could sling a stone at a hair's breadth and not miss now besides Benjamin the
and not miss now besides Benjamin the
and not miss now besides Benjamin the men of Israel numbered four hundred
men of Israel numbered four hundred
men of Israel numbered four hundred thousand men who drew the sword all of
thousand men who drew the sword all of
thousand men who drew the sword all of these were men of war then the children
these were men of war then the children
these were men of war then the children of Israel arose and went up to the house
of Israel arose and went up to the house
of Israel arose and went up to the house of God to inquire of God which of us
of God to inquire of God which of us
of God to inquire of God which of us shall go up first to battle against the
shall go up first to battle against the
shall go up first to battle against the children of Benjamin the Lord said Judah
children of Benjamin the Lord said Judah
children of Benjamin the Lord said Judah first so the children of Israel rose in
first so the children of Israel rose in
first so the children of Israel rose in the morning and encamped against Gibeah
the morning and encamped against Gibeah
the morning and encamped against Gibeah and the men of Israel went out to battle
and the men of Israel went out to battle
and the men of Israel went out to battle against Benjamin and the men of Israel
against Benjamin and the men of Israel
against Benjamin and the men of Israel put themselves in battle array to fight
put themselves in battle array to fight
put themselves in battle array to fight against them at Gibeah then the children
against them at Gibeah then the children
against them at Gibeah then the children of Benjamin came out of Gibeah
of Benjamin came out of Gibeah
of Benjamin came out of Gibeah and on that day cut down to the ground
and on that day cut down to the ground
and on that day cut down to the ground twenty-two thousand men of the
twenty-two thousand men of the
twenty-two thousand men of the Israelites and the people that is the
Israelites and the people that is the
Israelites and the people that is the men of Israel encouraged themselves and
men of Israel encouraged themselves and
men of Israel encouraged themselves and again formed the battle line at the
again formed the battle line at the
again formed the battle line at the place where they had put themselves in
place where they had put themselves in
place where they had put themselves in array on the first day then the children
array on the first day then the children
array on the first day then the children of Israel went up and wept before the
of Israel went up and wept before the
of Israel went up and wept before the Lord until evening and asked counsel of
Lord until evening and asked counsel of
Lord until evening and asked counsel of the Lord shall I again draw near for
the Lord shall I again draw near for
the Lord shall I again draw near for battle against the children of my
battle against the children of my
battle against the children of my brother Benjamin and the Lord said go up
brother Benjamin and the Lord said go up
brother Benjamin and the Lord said go up against him so the children of Israel
against him so the children of Israel
against him so the children of Israel approached the children of Benjamin on
approached the children of Benjamin on
approached the children of Benjamin on the second day and Benjamin went out
the second day and Benjamin went out
the second day and Benjamin went out against them from Gibeah on the second
against them from Gibeah on the second
against them from Gibeah on the second day and cut down to the ground 18,000
day and cut down to the ground 18,000
day and cut down to the ground 18,000 more of the children of Israel all these
more of the children of Israel all these
more of the children of Israel all these drew the sword then all the children of
drew the sword then all the children of
drew the sword then all the children of Israel that is all the people went up
Israel that is all the people went up
Israel that is all the people went up and came to the house of God and wept
and came to the house of God and wept
and came to the house of God and wept they sat there before the Lord and
they sat there before the Lord and
they sat there before the Lord and fasted that day until evening
fasted that day until evening
fasted that day until evening and they offered burnt offerings and
and they offered burnt offerings and
and they offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the Lord so the
peace offerings before the Lord so the
peace offerings before the Lord so the children of Israel inquired of the Lord
children of Israel inquired of the Lord
children of Israel inquired of the Lord the Ark of the Covenant of God was there
the Ark of the Covenant of God was there
the Ark of the Covenant of God was there in those days and Phinehas the son of
in those days and Phinehas the son of
in those days and Phinehas the son of Eleazar the son of Aaron stood the fort
Eleazar the son of Aaron stood the fort
Eleazar the son of Aaron stood the fort in those days
in those days
in those days sella yet again go out to battle against
sella yet again go out to battle against
sella yet again go out to battle against the children of my brother Benjamin or
the children of my brother Benjamin or
the children of my brother Benjamin or shall I cease and the Lord said go up
shall I cease and the Lord said go up
shall I cease and the Lord said go up for tomorrow I will deliver them into
for tomorrow I will deliver them into
for tomorrow I will deliver them into your hand then Israel set men in ambush
your hand then Israel set men in ambush
your hand then Israel set men in ambush all around Gibeah and the children of
all around Gibeah and the children of
all around Gibeah and the children of Israel went up against the children of
Israel went up against the children of
Israel went up against the children of Benjamin on the third day and put
Benjamin on the third day and put
Benjamin on the third day and put themselves in battle array against
themselves in battle array against
themselves in battle array against Gibeah as at the other temples so the
Gibeah as at the other temples so the
Gibeah as at the other temples so the children of Benjamin went out against
children of Benjamin went out against
children of Benjamin went out against the people and were drawn away from the
the people and were drawn away from the
the people and were drawn away from the city
city
city they began to strike down and kill some
they began to strike down and kill some
they began to strike down and kill some of the people as of the other times in
of the people as of the other times in
of the people as of the other times in the highway one of which goes up to
the highway one of which goes up to
the highway one of which goes up to Bethel and the other to Gibeah and in
Bethel and the other to Gibeah and in
Bethel and the other to Gibeah and in the field about 30 men of Israel and the
the field about 30 men of Israel and the
the field about 30 men of Israel and the children of Benjamin said they are
children of Benjamin said they are
children of Benjamin said they are defeated before us as at first but the
defeated before us as at first but the
defeated before us as at first but the children of Israel said let us flee and
children of Israel said let us flee and
children of Israel said let us flee and draw them away from the city to the
draw them away from the city to the
draw them away from the city to the highways so all the men of Israel rose
highways so all the men of Israel rose
highways so all the men of Israel rose from their place and put themselves in
from their place and put themselves in
from their place and put themselves in battle array at bale tamer then Israel's
battle array at bale tamer then Israel's
battle array at bale tamer then Israel's men in ambush burst forth from their
men in ambush burst forth from their
men in ambush burst forth from their position in the plain of qiba and ten
position in the plain of qiba and ten
position in the plain of qiba and ten thousand select men from all Israel came
thousand select men from all Israel came
thousand select men from all Israel came against Gibeon and the battle is fierce
against Gibeon and the battle is fierce
against Gibeon and the battle is fierce but the Benjamites did not know that
but the Benjamites did not know that
but the Benjamites did not know that disaster was upon the Lord defeated
disaster was upon the Lord defeated
disaster was upon the Lord defeated Benjamin
Benjamin
Benjamin before Israel and the children of Israel
before Israel and the children of Israel
before Israel and the children of Israel destroyed that day 25100 Benjamites all
destroyed that day 25100 Benjamites all
destroyed that day 25100 Benjamites all these through the soul so the children
these through the soul so the children
these through the soul so the children of Benjamin saw that they were defeated
of Benjamin saw that they were defeated
of Benjamin saw that they were defeated the man of Israel had given ground to
the man of Israel had given ground to
the man of Israel had given ground to the Benjamites because they relied on
the Benjamites because they relied on
the Benjamites because they relied on the men in ambush whom they had set
the men in ambush whom they had set
the men in ambush whom they had set against Gibeah and the men in ambush
against Gibeah and the men in ambush
against Gibeah and the men in ambush quickly rushed upon Gibeah the men in
quickly rushed upon Gibeah the men in
quickly rushed upon Gibeah the men in ambush spread out and struck the whole
ambush spread out and struck the whole
ambush spread out and struck the whole city with the edge of the sword now the
city with the edge of the sword now the
city with the edge of the sword now the appointed signal between the men of
appointed signal between the men of
appointed signal between the men of Israel and the men in ambush was that
Israel and the men in ambush was that
Israel and the men in ambush was that they would make a great cloud of smoke
they would make a great cloud of smoke
they would make a great cloud of smoke rise up from the city whereupon the men
rise up from the city whereupon the men
rise up from the city whereupon the men of Israel would turn in battle now
of Israel would turn in battle now
of Israel would turn in battle now Benjamin had begun to strike and kill
Benjamin had begun to strike and kill
Benjamin had begun to strike and kill about thirty of the men of Israel for
about thirty of the men of Israel for
about thirty of the men of Israel for they said surely they are defeated
they said surely they are defeated
they said surely they are defeated before us as in the first battle but
before us as in the first battle but
before us as in the first battle but when the cloud began to rise from the
when the cloud began to rise from the
when the cloud began to rise from the city in the column of smoke Benjamites
city in the column of smoke Benjamites
city in the column of smoke Benjamites looked behind them there was the whole
looked behind them there was the whole
looked behind them there was the whole city go having smoke to heaven
city go having smoke to heaven
city go having smoke to heaven and when the men of Israel turned back
and when the men of Israel turned back
and when the men of Israel turned back the men of Benjamin panicked for they
the men of Benjamin panicked for they
the men of Benjamin panicked for they saw that disaster had come upon them
saw that disaster had come upon them
saw that disaster had come upon them therefore they turned their backs before
therefore they turned their backs before
therefore they turned their backs before the man of Israel in the direction of
the man of Israel in the direction of
the man of Israel in the direction of the wilderness but the battle overtook
the wilderness but the battle overtook
the wilderness but the battle overtook them and whoever came out of the cities
them and whoever came out of the cities
them and whoever came out of the cities they destroyed in their midst they
they destroyed in their midst they
they destroyed in their midst they surrounded the Benjamites chase them and
surrounded the Benjamites chase them and
surrounded the Benjamites chase them and easily trampled them down as far as the
easily trampled them down as far as the
easily trampled them down as far as the front of Guinea toward the east
front of Guinea toward the east
front of Guinea toward the east and 18,000 men of Benjamin fell all
and 18,000 men of Benjamin fell all
and 18,000 men of Benjamin fell all these were men of valor then they turned
these were men of valor then they turned
these were men of valor then they turned and fled toward the wilderness to the
and fled toward the wilderness to the
and fled toward the wilderness to the rock of rim and they cut down 5000 of
rock of rim and they cut down 5000 of
rock of rim and they cut down 5000 of the momma high waves then they pursued
the momma high waves then they pursued
the momma high waves then they pursued them relentlessly up to guidin and
them relentlessly up to guidin and
them relentlessly up to guidin and killed 2,000 of them so all who fell of
killed 2,000 of them so all who fell of
killed 2,000 of them so all who fell of Benjamin that day were 25,000 men who
Benjamin that day were 25,000 men who
Benjamin that day were 25,000 men who drew the sword all these were men of
drew the sword all these were men of
drew the sword all these were men of valour but 600 men turned and fled
valour but 600 men turned and fled
valour but 600 men turned and fled toward the wilderness to the rock of
toward the wilderness to the rock of
toward the wilderness to the rock of women and they stayed at the rock of
women and they stayed at the rock of
women and they stayed at the rock of remin for four months and the men of
remin for four months and the men of
remin for four months and the men of Israel turned back against the children
Israel turned back against the children
Israel turned back against the children of Benjamin and struck them down at the
of Benjamin and struck them down at the
of Benjamin and struck them down at the edge of the sword from every city men
edge of the sword from every city men
edge of the sword from every city men and beasts all who were found also set
and beasts all who were found also set
and beasts all who were found also set fire to all the cities they came to